Various updates and fixes (#15)
CrowdStrike/falcon-helm: README.md

Operators are packaging methodologies for Kubernetes. Which methodology you use
is dependent on what the Kubernetes vendor and implementation supports.

# Kubernetes Cluster Compatability

> The Falcon Helm chart has been tested to deploy on the following vendor Kubernetes clusters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Falcon Helm chart has been tested to deploy on the following Kubernetes distributions:
```

Author: fixed

* Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) - Linux Nodes Only
* Rancher K3s

>   * Nodes must be the following Linux distributions:

Reviewer: Can we link to the Customer Portal which houses the supported Linux distro list? This way we don't have to worry as things get added/updated/removed

Author: done

    * Community Enterprise Operating System (CentOS)
    * Oracle Enterprise Linux (OEL)
    * Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)
    * SuSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES)
    * Ubuntu LTS releases

> * Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 4.6+

Reviewer: Should we also list OpenShift 4.5?

Author: I haven't actually tested it on 4.5

Reviewer: Ack - closing
